More description of meta-property values (#22726)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/operators/import.meta/index.md

{{JSSidebar("Operators")}}

> The **`import.meta`** meta-property exposes context-specific metadata to a JavaScript module. It contains information about the module, like the module's URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`import.meta`** meta-property exposes context-specific metadata to a JavaScript module. It contains information about the module, such as the module's URL.
```
